Over here instead of
targeting the ready states,
we want to target
a history state instead so
that we can remember what child state
of the ready state we were already on.
So we currently have
the pausing playing state.
And now we just need to add a history
state here which I'm just gonna call hist.
And I'm gonna give it a type of history.
And we're going to target
that ready hist states,
which is represented here by
.chaining we have ready .hist so
we could target this
child state right here.
So now just by doing that when we're
playing and we skip to the next song.
We're still playing, and so now if we're
paused and we skip to the next song,
now we're paused again, so we see
that our history states still works.